---
layout: default
---

**ACE** is an Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE) Compiler Framework for automating Neural Network (NN) Inference. **ACE** takes pre-trained ONNX model as input and direcltly generating C/C++ programs to perform NN inference on encrypted data.

# Introduce ACE



# Evaluate ACE

## Prepare docker environment

We provided a Dockerfile to build the image to develop and test ACE compiler framework. The Dockerfile is located under the root directory of the repo. Run the Shell command below to build the docker image:

```shell
$ docker build -t ace:latest .
```

Once the docker image was built, enter the docker environment:
```shell
$ docker run -it --rm ace:latest bash
```

## Build the compiler for single-thread performance testing:

Inside the docker environment, run the command below to build the compiler:
```shell
# cd /app
# ./scripts/build-cmplr.sh Release
```

Once the command finished successfully, the compiler executable is built in release/driver/fhe_cmplr.

Inside the docker environment, run the command below to evaluate single-thread performance of ACE:
```shell
# command here
```

## Build the compiler for inference accuracy testing:

OpenMP is used in this testing to enable inferring multiple images simultaneously. Inside the docker environment, run the command below to build the compiler with OpenMP support:
```shell
# cd /app
# ./scripts/build-cmplr-omp.sh Release
```

Once the command finished successfully, the compiler executable is built in relomp/driver/fhe_cmplr.

Inside the docker environment, run the command below to evaluate ResNet inference accuracy generated by ACE:
```shell
# command here
```

Enjoy!

